nip-97: white-listed events. (#1758)
nostr-protocol/nips: 51.md

| DM relays         | 10050 | Where to receive [NIP-17](17.md) direct messages            | `"relay"` (see [NIP-17](17.md))                                                                     |
| Good wiki authors | 10101 | [NIP-54](54.md) user recommended wiki authors               | `"p"` (pubkeys)                                                                                     |
| Good wiki relays  | 10102 | [NIP-54](54.md) relays deemed to only host useful articles  | `"relay"` (relay URLs)                                                                              |

> | White-listed Followers  | 10103 | [NIP-97](97.md) white-listed followers, who are able to request white-listed only notes from kind `10103` owner.  | `"p"` ‍‍|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| White-listed Access  | 10103 | [NIP-97](97.md) list of pubkeys who are authorized to download white-listed events from the author  | `"p"` ‍‍|
```
